there is hope for a better deal.
I will know by tomorrow.
I will probably sign both if they have the criteria that I have asked for.
The problem is the health exception misunderstanding.
I don't support a health exception and would not support that had one since it would be such a large loophole that it would be a moot point.
does it say that there will be no more requests for money?
What year of the Peco list was it on?
we are not stringent on statewide significance.
I am just tired of trying to be a Republican in a sea of Democrats and Republicans that act like Democrats.
The shortage of primary MDs in the rural areas and the shortage of geriatric mds.
The problem is the health exception misunderstanding.
I don't support a health exception and would not support that had one since it would be such a large loophole that it would be a moot point.
Thanks for your email.
I look forward to the legislature completing their work and analyzing the final bills that have passed.
Thanks for writing
It was good meeting you several weeks ago.
I wish you all the best in your important job.
Bob, I did not brush you off.
Donna Arduin and others in our office have been the champions of this issue.
By the way, she is not an inexperienced budget person.
And, I don't believe you are a jerk.
If you were unaware of my views on this subject, I apologize but I am very surprised.
As you probably know, DC idea has broad support across the political spectrum.
If the bill passes, I will guarantee you a meeting to discuss it.
If there is any accusation of corruption of any public official, there is a process to investigate it.
thanks Cherryl.
I won't be able to make the convention but wish you well.
Thank you for the recommendation.
I spoke to Toni today and outlined my view that any expenditure in benefits or tax reduction or operating expenses be from the amount generated from the resrerve surplus.
She said that Jim Francis and the SBA team were working with locke to come up with alternatives but there are no alternatives that work other than the one we provided the Speaker this morning.
He is speaking to the President regularly but I am pessimistic and that means that we need to have a contigency plan for Monday morning.
Here is my version of that plan.
You are better than me so add or delete as you see fit.
We need to put pressure on Toni and her campaign.
By monday morning, we need to know who are her top campaign operatives, fundraisers and confidantes.
We should have our friends of those folks calling them on Monday morning if not earlier.
I have asked Chris to work on this but he didn't seem to know where to start.
My guess is Zach, Ander, Ted Hoepner, the lawyer guy you mentioned, Al Austin, Dr. Desai, Jim Blosser, mark Foley, and others that can be determined with some work.
My hope is that by monday morning, we had twenty people being contacted to call her to tell her the right thing so she knew that it was a mistake to act so liberally.
We are way behind on this since I asked Chris to give me names to call and it is late and I have received nada.
We need to get prepared for a Monday press conference where we show how the budget works without the pension plan and how it works very well.
It works well for education (what percentage increase?)
and many other areas.
Charts and graphics are important.
If that means that Donna needs help on Sunday, we need to send in the Marines.
I have asked her to get ready but she might need help.
We need to make a special effort to explain the dilliemma to the groups most impacted.
I disagree with what you said (on reflection) when we talked today that the law enforcement and firefighters won't get engaged in the current situation.
All we have to say is the truth.
The House will pass HB 191 and a defined contribution plan.
What is the Senate going to do?
There may be other groups interested in getting the session over as well and we should be prepared to unleash our troops on them.
We need to use our data base on the issue from a good government perspective.
Ask them to ask their twenty best friends to get involved as well.
I should spend my Monday with Senators telling them about the facts of life.
Those facts should be in a form that they can understand.
The House Leadership needs to craft a budget that is balanced and includes Senate needs.
I asked john MacKay to become the "Conference committee" in this regard but he didn't seem interested.
Maybe they are far enough along for this to be a moot point.
However, a budget from the House must be ready to be passed by Monday afternoon and it should be balanced.
We need to get 26 votes for the House budget.
This is a big undertaking.
I believe i need to have a press conference encouraging a budger agreement outlining what I will accept as it relates to the pension on Monday morning.
We should have charts, graphs etc.
so we can sell this beyond Tallahassee.
How much are we spending on education?
On social services?
thanks Kate.
Mr. Skarr, I appreciate your writing me.
I am watching carefully the bill you mention and admit I am concerned that it came up so late in the session without a lot of review.
I will support the schools unless too many things are added on and I will support the workforce plan if the governance and Wages issues are resolved to my satisfaction.
Ahmed, you are right about the need to feel the void.
My instincts tell me that it should be outside the political realm.
I have asked for others to come up with ideas regarding a format.
What do you think?
I have never been called a socialist.
Wow!
Ok, Michael.
Let me be clear, I will veto the bill creating and funding the school.
It is not because I am a socialist but because we ought to be lifting standards for all kids not just for a fraction of a percent of the deserving kids.
There are many more deserving than what a boarding school could provide at state expense.
I would rather spend a tenth of what the school will cost to provide support for science and math based programs like the one that I participated in at Epcot three weeks ago for a robotics competition that impacts thousands of young people.
In addition, high standards, real accountability, rigourous assessments and adequate funding is my vision for a better way.
I enjoy an occassional walk in the woods to deal with all of the folks at the trough up here in Tallahassee.
I have included the Florida School for Science and Technology in that group.
I know that doesn't make you happy but since you wanted clarity, you now have it.
I am sick, so very sick with the propaganda victory that Fidel is winning.
I am worse than sick and sad to see the image of a decent, hard working.
kate can you get terry mcGarrity to respond.
I don't remember this being a letter sent to me at the beginning.
I will never give up on my home town.
Thanks Carmen for your update.
The march went very well today from what I was told.
With all due respect, I resent the notion that the pay cut I have taken joyfully makes you feel that I am not worth the wage I now make.
This is particularly true since this is a federal issue not a state issue.
I hope you get an answer from the federal elected officials and I hope you have a great weekend.
Donna says ACHA can do this.
thanks for bringing this to my attention.
thanks Dave.
can we let Barbara know at the right time?
Terri, thanks for writing.
I am ccing Tara Wainwright to get her to respond to you.
She is my very able scheduler.
Thanks for the invite.
Through our advocacy, the legislature has come up to our budget recommendation and with the local match, we will be able to fully fund the Kid Care program.
We have more than quadrupled funding in two years.
The local communities should step up to the plate (most have and are not worried about continuing to do so) to make this work.
Thanks for your recommendation.
I cannot control each action of the legislature.
All I can tell you is that my staff is confident that this idea won't make it to the finish line.
I am very concerned and have expressed my feelings both publicly and privately.
Thankfully, the march went peacefully today.
The Oversight Board urged a quick return to some semblence of stability at my urging.
Thanks.
I support moving the division to the DMS.
thansk Milton.
I will check with Kate Kearney to see what she thinks.
I appreciate your advice.
However, I worry about you writing an email at 4:00 am!
we will get together.
I do support the move to DMS.
I did not say what you quoted me as saying.
On a subject as sensitive as partial birth abortion (where my views have been clear for years) to get it wrong I think deserves clarification.
I am disappointed that someone did not call to confirm such a glaring inconsistency.
What I told you is that I would not support the bill if it had the health exception.
The health exception has been interpreted in such a way as to create a huge loophole making the whole point of trying to pass a law outlawing this horrific procedure irrelevant.
Please let me know if a clarification of a misquote in an above the fold front page story is possible.
did you know that Jeannie van Meter has already been appointed to Valencia Community College?
Congratulations on your receiving a million dollar donation to your foundation from Disney for Hospitality and Culinary Arts.
Valencia Community College is leading the way in developing business partnerships!
will do.
By the way, Jerry's email address is orlflygal@aol.com.
I didn't know about the incubator or the source of funding or the mission or if it one time or ongoing, etc.
etc.
However, I like the fact that my reputation of vetoing things gives people concern.
I will tell you that the "wants" always seem to be defined as "needs" and if someone doesn't say no, there is literally billions of "needs".
My biggest disappointment as Governor has been my inability to make limited government as "cool" as spending people's hard earned money.
I hope you are having a great weekend.
I will follow the bill carefully.
Thanks for bringing this bill to my attention.
Thanks for writing and for bringing this to my attention.
Thanks for your writing and for bringing this to my attention.
Thanks Regina.
I have real concerns about the school.
thanks for writing.
I urge you to read the bill concerning sovereign submerged lands.
The latest version, which now has broad support, takes existing practice and the most recent Supreme Court rulings and puts the definitions into statute.
AS it relates to the med school, its mission is very unique and won't depreciate the efforts of the other schools.
There is tight criteria to make sure that it is that way.
Finally, as it relates to law schools, I have to admit I don't think we need anymore lawyers.
The problem is that the legal profession is not diverse at all and the efforts to solve this problem have failed.
The law schools at FAMU and FIU have a significantly better chance of succeeding.
can one of you explain this to me so I can respond?
thanks.
thanks Mr. Cowherd for your email.
I don't believe that the location should be named in the bill.
There may be other options that save the state money and may be better for FAMU.
Aftab, thanks for writing.
I am not angry, just disappointed that at a time when mediation was yielding positive results and were ongoing, armed agents took the child away.
I am disappointed that the deep wounds that exist today could have been avoided by allowing for a custody hearing where the father's rights have more weight than all others.
I hope you and your family are doing well.
is this scheduled?
Brian, I am passing on your protest to Sally, Karen and Justin.
One of them will respond.
Thanks.
David Struhs will be in touch, probably after the session.
I hope you are having a good weekend.
we are looking to the outside.
Preferably from out of Tallahassee but not a requirement.
Preferably someone with good political skills but not a political animal.
Preferably someone who represents the diversity of the state not that of the Florida bar.
Any thoughts?
Any news on the retraction?
Have you notified them of our concern?
Please advice?
we are fighting the idea.
It is a hot topic this weekend.
I just got to this email.
Sorry.
thanks David for the input.
I will decide next week.
Thanks Julia.
if there is a referendum, that my not be a bad idea.
Charles, thank you so much.
This is news to me.
I will check with the team.
I appreciate your head's up emails.
kate can you get terry mcGarrity to respond.
I don't remember this being a letter sent to me at the beginning.
thanks for writing.
I will ask politely that you get a response.
we are on the case.
What a week!!!
only one more left.
Thanks for writing.
I don't believe this bill is going to make it through the process.
Thanks Len.
I am not sure where this funding stands.
I appreciate your position but until I see where we end up, I cannot tell you what my position will be.
I hope you understand.
Adriana, we continue to ask for Elian's day in court and that his Miami family meet with him.
Last Saturday's actions were so disappointing, unnecessary and unwarranted.
Joyce, we are trying hard to lessen the paperwork load.
Some progress has been made this year but much of it is federal.
I agree completely that it is unfair and unproductive.
We will keep fighting.
I don't remember this one.
Is this still alive.
Is it a U or K?
I have not seen this line item but will take a look.
I am trying hard to deal with these issues in a principled way.
It is not easy.
My position is that a custody hearing was the best means to resolve this issue and had they done so, in all likelyhood Elian would be with his dad.
However, the idea that you take a child out of a home as though he was a hostage in a violent fashion when mediation was ongoing, is deeply disappointing.
I appreciate your writing.
Thanks Jackie.
I agree with you on how Washington has handled the Elian case.
It is very disappointing and now we have many people hurting and many wounds to heal.
fyi
Thanks Pat.
Please keep me informed of the local problems.
Mr. King, I have been working with the sponsors of the bill quietly over the last month to develop a bill that makes sense in terms of mission, quality and private support.
I appreciate and understand the points you are making and I believe a bill will pass that I can support.
Mr. Deane, I think i have shown that I can lead when I think the cause is right.
I have no concerns about leading the create fertile ground for the new economy but there are many ways to do that.
My belief is that a boarding school for a few is not the most cost effective way to do so for the broadest number of people.
I will review the bill should it make it through the process.
Thank you Delores.
I share your concerns and my heart goes out to the community that means so much to me.
The federal action a week ago and its actions since then, have been very disappointing and I will continue to express my views.
I am doing well trying to keep all the balls in the air at once.
I went down to Miami on Thursday and it was very ugly.
The tension and pain is intense.
I am very worried about today.
Thanks Mr. Willis.
I am grateful for your input.
what is the word?
ONce again, a request to meet.
I will leave it up to you all to decide what to do and to respond.
Please let me know what happnes.
thanks Luis.
I had thought that all was ok.
This is a little late but I will check to see what we can do.
can we discuss?
Susan, your point about choices is once again a good one.
To be honest, I don't even know what the group was that came to visit.
As it relates to lay people and lawyers, this inclusion of a lawyer in this case is within the law.
Interestingly, he has done a good job and no one has complaints about his actions, only the perception of things.
were you going to get the names to Lourdes?
Thanks Tom.
Randall, the pharmacist are getting the shaft against our wishes.
I have brought this to the attention of the budget folks to know avail as of yet.
thanks Ruben.
I am getting a bunch of emails on the billboard bill.
what is the news?
We have arranged for quiet meetings with the police and the organizers to set up the groundrules.
It was a positive meetings.
The lack of leadership in Miami is astounding.
Daisy, I am supportive of the bill in its current form.
What are the incentives being offered by Orlando?
Be patient, Shelley.
I will carefully review the bill should it make it through the process.
Steve, I conveyed that I did not oppose having the bill be heard.
Can you speak to Carol about it?
I just got to this email.
I am sorry, what are the suggestions they are making that Mr. Gentile says I will reject.
I didn't see any suggestions in the resolution.
Thanks for writing.
Thanks Mr. Rutz.
We are seeking more information on this bill that came on the radar screen very late in the game.
thanks for writing.
Good press is great but it is a fickle and elusive thing to desire!
Tony, please give me a call to discuss this as soon as possible.
Thanks Ellyn.
I will share your thoughts with the Judge.
No.
I was told after the fact that they did and was only given indications that they wouldn't before the fact.
thanks!
let me know what I can do.
Bob, this is not a growth management issue.
This bill simply codifies existing case law as determined by our Supreme Court and existing DEP practice.
Thanks Steve!
You don't know how much I appreciate getting your email.
Thanks for writing.
I will give the bill every consideration should it become law.
We have about a week to see how it turns out.
An honest appraisal then would be appropriate.
Thanks Dick.
Have a great weekend.
Bob, Warshaw was fired and Chief O'brien resigned today.
I am sorry that Miami is going through such tough times.
Anything I can do to recognize their efforts?
I have not taken a position on this issue.
call me on the palm beach matter.The weekend is fine.
I will tell you my decision on Miami as well.
thanks for sending this message and photo.
Ellyn, we had a meeting today on this issue and both OPB staff and Kate Kearney had real concerns with this bill.
I will see what happens.
Thanks for writing.
I will look into the bill.
let us hope the session (and reorg) are almost over!
I will check into the bill and appreciate your bringing it to my attention.
Kate, this women seems like a very nice person.
I have met her twice and she writes me words of encouragement almost every day.
Can you discuss this with me after you read her story?
Yvonne, I am asking Ruben King Shaw or one of his colleagues to respond to you.
thanks Emmy.
Thank you so much for your very thoughtful email.
When it is all said and done, integrity is the most important trait a person can have.
Your email shows that you have a lot of it!
Thank you so much for your thoughtful email.
I agree that there must be means by which we strive to heal the wounds opened in the last few months.
I visited Miami today to try to make a contribution in this regard.
Mary Kay, I will speak to the Lt Governor and add this to our work in progress list.
Thanks for the advice Mark.
I have been restrained in giving my opinion but clear that I oppose the actions taken by the Federal Government.
It was the wrong approach when mediation was close to yielding a positive result.
In any case, we must now work to heal the wounds opened by the whole incident and I intend to play a positive role in that regard.
Thanks for your email.
For the record, I am committed to providing state support to local law enforcement officials as we did last weekend.
We are committed to keeping open state roads and other state facilities.
I abhor the isolated cases of the burning of American flags.
I went to Miami today to ask for peace, understanding and calm.
thanks Greg.
I am not aware of any bill that would do as you say.
I would veto a bill that does as you describe but one wouldn't make it through the process.
did anyone get back to you?
has it been done?
Thanks for writing.
Once again, I congratulate you!
we will send the signal.
I just wrote you to another email address.
Did you get it?
Kathy, i am certain there is a companion Senate bill for the Commission.
I will make sure you are considered for a position but can't make any promises since the structure has not been finalized.
Gary, thank you for writing.
I don't condone violence or chaos.
I do support the right to peacefully protest.
I have called for calm on Saturday and once again, the State will be ready to provide support to uphold the rule of law.
Don, the economic development road fund has been in business for over 20 years.
Many busineses have taken advantage of it.
what is the status of the criteria amendments for the med school?
Where is this bill in the process?
Is this the commission bill sponsored by Lee and Carlton?
If so, I suppport it.
Have you seen the most recent version of the bill?
It only puts in statute current DEP practice and current court rulings.
Mr. Johnson, I was made aware of this amendment yesterday via email and am checking into it.
There is a way to go in the process.
They teach in english.
Spanish and english is used in classes where the kids temporarily don't speak english.
They are given two years to transition to english.
Thaks for writing.
Graceland it the little guy's best.
you learn fast!!!
Thanks for writing.
I believe we have made good progress on this issue and believe a bill can pass that I will sign into law.
Saturday morning is always good.
Let me know and I will make it happen.
I don't like that my thoughts are the only ones considered.
Well, all but one since I endorsed your idea of Friedman based on hearing him speak about olives and lexuses.
Mr. Poteet, thank you for your email.
I am very sad about the ruling.
thanks for writing.
I will check out your concerns.
i could not speak to the speaker so I have Lt Governor on the case.
1 and 2: No I was not aware of the search warrant.
In addition, I might have spoken to president Clinton at 8 rather than 7.
That was an estimation.
3 and 4 and 5: No he didn't mention it.
He stated that they were trying to reach an agreement with the mediators and it looked pretty good that an agreement would be reached.
The President did not mention names of who was involved.
6) The purpose of my call was to encourage mediation as was suggested by the Federal Appellate Court.
7) I spoke to Kendall Coffey and Jose Garcia Pedrosa regarding the issue and they said that there was significant progress made.
When I said I was going to speak to President Clinton, they encouraged me to do so.
They thought the areas of disagreement were minor and that a deal could be reached.
8) No, the first time that Eric Holder called me, which was from 5:00 to 5:10 am; he said that the AG had mobilized the agents but not given the final order.
He said that there were negotiations underway that were encouraging.
I ask again that this get on the radar screen of the team.
Monica, I have been outspoken in my opinion of the handling of the Elian matter.
Tomorrow, I will be in Miami meeting with police, exile leaders, and community leaders.
I have been supporting and will continue to do so.
fine with me.
'cept he called me back on a land line and I then got tired of him.
Have a nice evening.
Steve, I have no idea where the opening exists.
I hope you are having a good day.
Sharon, I have been involved from the beginning, calmly asking that the INS allow for a custody hearing to resolve the matter.
Had they done so, this would have passed a long time ago.
It is not the rule of law to take a child out of a home under gunpoint when negotiations were close to yielding a solution.
I believe that a dad has rights that outweigh all others and so probably would a judge.
Why the Attorney General didn't follow that path is a mystery to me.
Thanks for writing.
absolutely.
Onward until the next court hearing!
what is the status of this legislation?
This is one victory in a long battle.
thanks Kate.
Thanks for writing.
Rest assured that I am focused on the broader issues impacting all Floridians.
The legislative sessions is nearing completion and I am completely dedicated to the job of Governor.
However, I respectfully disagree with the handling of taking Elian out of a home by gunpoint.
It would not have mattered what ethnic background the family would be, over zealous use of force by the federal government is inappropriate.
I appreciate your writing.
Thanks for writing.
Had this matter been dealt with as a custody case, my guess is that Elian would be back with his dad a while back.
The Clinton administration has politicized this issue, not the advocates of a custody hearing.
Rest assured that I am completely dedicated to the broader issues that you mentioned.
We are having a productive session as it relates to education, crime and the environment.
Thanks Gary.
I admire Senator Burt for his intelligence and policy orientation.
He takes on complex issues and works hard to come up with creative solutions to deal with them.
I don't recall the passionate discussion but do appreciate his leadership in crafting a bill that received huge support in the legislature.
His fingerprints are indelibly all over the bill that the legislature proudly passed in January and I proudly signed into law.
I always read my mail to this address.
Thanks for writing and have a wonderful evening.
Thanks you Shelley.
I don't think you have to worry.
we have a problem getting the full amount for Mobility 2000.
To All FDLE Members: Congratulations upon successfully completing the "joint on-site" reaccreditation review by both the National Commission on Accreditation of Law Enforcement Agencies and by the Florida Commission for Law Enforcement Accreditation!
As I understand it, this was the "first" such joint on-site review conducted by these accrediting bodies in the country and your exceptional performance speaks very positively about the Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE), the State of Florida and each of you.
I have always been very impressed with FDLE and I thank each of you for the outstanding job you do in making Florida a safer place to live and work.
Once the formalities of the reaccreditation processes are completed, I look forward to the presentation of a resolution on behalf of the Governor and Cabinet recognizing your collective efforts.
sorry here it is.
thanks Lourdes.
I will come up with some names.
Any suggestions?
wow, what a most interesting email.
let us discuss tomorrow.
If this was part of your budget request, we should advocate, normally, no?
I agree with you on this one.
In fact, as it relates to Elian, this is the first time that I have agreed with you.
:) >
I will pass on to Judge Kearney.
Thanks Mary.
I will continue to advocate that the legislature place items in the budget that have gone through a process that will protect the interests of the tax payers.
I cannot answer your very good questions.
I doubt the Cuban Government is paying!
I was waiting for Donna's response to me.
Phil, your help in getting the Senate to move off of their position of additional recurring and non recurring expenses from the FRS would be greatly appreciated.
We can get HB 191 passed if they move.
It was good seeing you last week.
Keith.
thanks for writing.
I will support the restaurant smoking bill unless new items are attached to it.
I appreciate your support of One Florida.
yes
I got an email from Jenny.
it was a wonderful message.
thanks so much for your email.
I will look into the issue.
please respond and let me know.
Ken worked for me at Commerce.
He is an african american and a capable man.
I don't know what he has been doing in the last years.
thanks Lynette.
If the Speedway doesn't go through the normal process, I will veto the funding.
If they do go through the normal process, I won't veto the funding.
Fonda is a very nice and capable woman.
Is there hope for her?
I hope she will be given a fair hearing.
Thanks Fonda for your email.
I will check into the hiring situation.
sure go ahead.
it won't change the end result but since Steve Case is a consumer oriented CEO, I am confident he will look into the matter irrespective of who is cc'd.
It aint going to happen.
Thanks Dr. Gordon.
I appreciate your kind remarks.
The federal government action was a big mistake and history will show it as so.
Thanks Jennifer.
I agree with you about the Elian matter.
it was a huge mistake to take the child out by force.
I am so pleased that you are enjoying school so much.
Keep studying history, it will do you well.
Jennifer, I wish you all the best.
I am on the case.
What criteria should we urge for law schools?
it is time that we express our concerns about the lack of criteria if there is not any in the bill.
from Brian's confederacy friend.
what do you all think?
Jerry, what should the legislature do to enhance what existing law doesn't do?
thanks Bob.
see you manana.
I liked what i saw.
I think it has great potential.
Orwell
It was a sad day for our country and for our state yesterday.
The armed extraction of Elian yesterday was inappropriate and unnecessary.
I appreciate your writing.
can you get someone to check this out?
Jan, I was on television.
Thanks for writing.
I abhor the acts of a few that broke the law or showed disrespect to our flag and country.
I also abhor the use of brute force to extract Elian from his Miami home when it was unecessary since there was a settlement all but reached.
I hope you and yours have had a great Easter.
I am saddened by the federal government's decision to take Elian by force out of his Miami home when there was significant progress being made to reach an accomodation with the father.
In addition, I respectfully disagree with you as relates to the law abiding nature of Cuban Americans in Miami.
I hope you had a joyous Easter.
I opposed the act of the federal government and would respectfully suggest that the child's custody should have been determined in a court of law.
I agree.
General and Mrs. Knight, this is Jeb Bush and I am not writing you to give you a formal "thank you for writing" email.
I thank you for writing but respectfully disagree with you on the matter of Elian.
I am from Miami and I have worked and lived with Cuban Americans.
They are, in their great majority, god fearing, patriotic Americans who I would imagine share your values.
Many have served in the military of our country.
They don't break the laws of our great country.
Please don't fall prey to the national media stereotype of this group since it is not monolithic.
As it relates to Elian, I find it shameful that US Marshalls entered into the home as though this child was a hostage.
It was not necessary and a peaceful less traumatic solution was within the grasp of the mediator.
Atty General Reno was not truthful with the folks she agreed should act as intermediaries.
Again, I appreciate your writing and I hope you have a joyous Easter.
forget that I wasn't notified.
It is a lot worse that it was done at all!
It was a very, very sad day for our country yesterday.
Jim, the difference between the "high three" and five year vesting costs and lower contribution rates on the one hand and the repaying the high risk employees on the other is that the former is a package of large non recurring and recurring costs and the latter is a defined non recurring cost.
Until we establish a reserve and know the costs of the defined contibution plan; we should not spend a huge sum from the pension fund.
My view is to that using the hospital statute for malpractice litigation with a higher cap than exists now would be one alternative that could gather support.
David Bitner is working on a proposal similar to this.
While I respectfully disagree with your position, I do hope you and your family have a joyous Easter.
I hope you have a joyful and joyous Easter.
did the resolution make it?
thanks Ed.
it was a sad day for America yesterday.
I will check into the resolution.
thanks Diane for your comments.
It was an incredibly sad day for America.
yes
Kate, where do we stand on this?
i am sorry I am just getting to this.
I hope we can help.
This is another well written and thought provoking email.
YOur suggestion about choices is a good one.
Sometimes people are looking for help not choices and in those cases, assigning someone to help is the proper path.
However, other times, giving the opportunity to choose to get involved makes a lot more sense.
Thanks for your suggestion in this regard.
thanks Kathy.
I will do so.
I support higher pay, portable benifits, defined contribution plans.
What I don't support is raiding the pension fund.
Joyous Easter!
Elian's reunion with his father should not have happened this way.
This matter could have been resolved without using force to extract Elian from the home of his Miami relatives.
During a conversation I had with President Clinton last night, I was assured that the intention of his Administration was to resolve this matter in a voluntary, non-forcible way through negotiated agreement.
Needless to say, I was surprised that the forcible removal of Elian took place when it did, in light of the recent positive developments to resolve the matter peacefully.
